---
layout: post
title: Gtomee 2011 report
categories:
- News
tags: []
status: publish
type: post
published: true
meta:
  _edit_last: '2'
  _graphene_slider_img: global
  _graphene_slider_imgurl: ''
  _graphene_show_addthis: global
  _graphene_post_date_display: global
---
Happy new year from the Gtomee team !

We hope you will continue to follow us, because we are planning great things for 2012 :)

As we are now in 2012, we are really happy to look back on 2011. Everything happened very fast, so we want to share our story with you !

Gtomee is in fact a group of two students in computer science : Jérémy and Thibaut. Last summer Jérémy worked on Android and Thibaut on Java. With our big interest in game development, we had to do something ! So we decided to try to create a game for Android, we worked together and two weeks later, we had a little prototype. This was the very first version of Crash.

After the creation of the basic gameplay, we still had a long way to release Crash ! We had to give a clean and sexy look and feel, to test it and to create a marketing campaign. The marketing part wasn't easy because we both have a longer experience in computer science than in communication, but we had fun creating our first blog and our first video.

After the release on the Market, which is a very exciting moment, we began to have cool users, like you, who played Crash and gave us some feedback. And updates after updates, new players tried and enjoyed Crash.

The number of Crash users is still increasing, so thank you for encouraging us to continue the story !

Gtomee
